{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\ul Introduction\
\
\ulnone My feature that I have developed is the team creation function, essentially this allows users to make a team where they can choose a team 
\f1\i name
\f0\i0 , and a 
\f1\i description
\f0\i0  that resonates with the team, and also, choose privacy options such as 
\f1\i Public
\f0\i0 , 
\f1\i Private
\f0\i0  and 
\f1\i Closed
\f0\i0 . This gives the users a sense of control in terms how they would like their team to operate and also control over who has access to the team. Users are also allowed to upload their very own logo and banner that they would want for the team, however the logo and banner have style attribute limitations of 100 pixels.\
\
\ul Front-end\
\
\ulnone The frontend is very responsive to user inputs, the required fields are shown to the users through the asterisk next to the field name. If a user was to click on this field, and was not to enter anything, a small message is displayed stating that the specific field is required. A conditional create button is also in place making sure that the user can not go ahead to create teams if the required fields are not filled.  This page also offers the optional choice of users uploading a logo and banner for their team.\
\
\ul Backend\ulnone \

\f2 \

\f0 Once a team a team is created, assuming all the required fields have been filled, the backend focuses on storing the data of these teams. These teams are store as objects within a database where the fields in the database correspond to the fields of the team creation page such as name, description, etc. The backend also helps ensure that when making a team you cannot choose the same name as an existing team.
\f2 \
\

\f0 \ul Accessibility 
\f2 \ulnone \

\f0 \
In terms of accessibility, the team creation page can also be navigated through by only using a keyboard, when the \'92Tab\'92 button is clicked the cursor directly moves to the next field, and the \'91Enter\'92 button will allow team creation, assuming all required fields are filled.
\f2 \
\
}